Resolves #2196 (#2238)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/addsadministration/New-ADServiceAccount.md

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create an enabled managed service account
```powershell
PS C:\> New-ADServiceAccount -Name "Service01" -DNSHostName "Service01.contoso.com" -Enabled $True
```

This command creates an enabled managed service account in Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS).

### Example 2: Create a managed service account and register its service principal name
```powershell
PS C:\> New-ADServiceAccount -Name "Service01" -ServicePrincipalNames "MSSQLSVC/Machine3.corp.contoso.com" -DNSHostName "Service01.contoso.com"
```

This command creates a managed service account and registers its service principal name.

### Example 3: Create a managed service account for a single computer
```powershell
PS C:\> New-ADServiceAccount -Name "Service01" -RestrictToSingleComputer
```

This command creates a managed service account and restricts its use to a single computer.

### Example 4: Create a managed service account for outbound authentication only
```powershell
PS C:\> New-ADServiceAccount -Name "Service01" -RestrictToOutboundAuthenticationOnly
```

This command creates a managed service account and restricts its use to outbound authentication.

> ### Example 5: Create a new maanged service accoutn and register multiple service principal names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 5: Create a new managed service account and register multiple service principal names
```

```Powershell

> C:\PS>New-ADServiceAccount service1 -ServicePrincipalNames "HTTP/Machine3.corp.contoso.com,HTTP/Machine3.corp.contoso.com/contoso" -DNSHostName service1.contoso.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PS C:\> New-ADServiceAccount service1 -ServicePrincipalNames "HTTP/Machine3.corp.contoso.com,HTTP/Machine3.corp.contoso.com/contoso" -DNSHostName service1.contoso.com
```
